Implicit attach on `channel.objects.get()` call (#472)
ably/specification: specifications/features.md

  - `(RTL32e)` Any params provided in the third argument must be sent in the `TR4q` `ProtocolMessage.params` field, as a `Dict<String, String>` (that is, with the values of the provided dict stringified per `RTC1f`)
  - `(RTL32c)` The SDK must not mutate the user-supplied `Message` object.
  - `(RTL32d)` On success, returns an `UpdateDeleteResult` object containing the version serial of the published update, obtained from the first element of the `serials` array of the [TR4s](#TR4s) `res` field of the `ACK`. Indicates an error if the operation was not successful.

> - `(RTL33)` *Ensure-active-channel* internal procedure. When invoked, the SDK MUST inspect the current state of the `RealtimeChannel` (see [RTL2](#RTL2)) and proceed as follows:

Author: nit (throughout): we don't use capitalised MUST

Reviewer: https://github.com/ably/specification/pull/472/changes/c5627f843728c5f182b913e8f8b57ab7ce5a4a36

  - `(RTL33a)` If the channel is in the `ATTACHED` or `SUSPENDED` state, the procedure completes immediately without performing any attach.

>   - `(RTL33b)` If the channel is in the `INITIALIZED`, `DETACHED`, `DETACHING`, or `ATTACHING` state, perform an implicit attach per [RTL4](#RTL4) and wait for it to complete

Author: This is a behavioural change compared to RTP11b i.e. a `DETACHED` channel now gets implicit attach, instead of throwing an error. Our docstrings aren't specific about the circumstances in which an implicit attach gets performed so I think we can get away with it, and I don't see any obvious reason why we wouldn't want to do it, but I thought it worth pointing out.

Reviewer: This behaviour follows current ably-js implementation -> https://github.com/ably/specification/pull/472#issuecomment-4477350788

Reviewer: https://github.com/ably/specification/pull/472/changes/c5627f843728c5f182b913e8f8b57ab7ce5a4a36

Author: > This behaviour follows current ably-js implementation

Sure, I get that; I'm saying that the ably-js implementation is different to the spec and it's not obvious that the ably-js behaviour is the one that we want (but that it's minor)

  - `(RTP10e)` In all other ways, this method is identical to `RealtimePresence#enter` and should have matching tests
- `(RTP11)` `RealtimePresence#get` function:
  - `(RTP11a)` Returns the list of current members on the channel in a callback. By default, will wait for the `SYNC` to be completed, see [RTP11c1](#RTP11c1)
  - `(RTP11b)` This clause has been replaced by [RTP11e](#RTP11e)
  - `(RTP11d)` If the `RealtimeChannel` is in the `SUSPENDED` state then the `get` function will by default, or if `waitForSync` is set to `true`, result in an error with `code` `91005` and a `message` stating that the presence state is out of sync due to the channel being in a `SUSPENDED` state. If however the `get` function is called with `waitForSync` set to `false`, then it immediately returns the members currently stored in the `PresenceMap` giving developers access to the members that were present at the time the channel became `SUSPENDED`

>   - `(RTP11e)` Perform the *ensure-active-channel* procedure ([RTL33](#RTL33)) on the underlying `RealtimeChannel`. Note that [RTP11d](#RTP11d) takes precedence over current spec point [RTP11e](#RTP11e)

Author: I think we should make it clear that it rethrows its error (or however you want to word it). Ditto in RTO23e

Reviewer: https://github.com/ably/specification/pull/472/changes/c5627f843728c5f182b913e8f8b57ab7ce5a4a36

>   - `(RTP11e)` Perform the *ensure-active-channel* procedure ([RTL33](#RTL33)) on the underlying `RealtimeChannel`. Note that [RTP11d](#RTP11d) takes precedence over current spec point [RTP11e](#RTP11e)

Author: I think we can be clearer about the circumstances in which RTP11e does not apply:

```suggestion
  - `(RTP11e)` If the channel is in any state other than `SUSPENDED` (which is handled by [RTP11d](#RTP11d)), perform the *ensure-active-channel* procedure ([RTL33](#RTL33)) on the underlying `RealtimeChannel`.
```

Reviewer: https://github.com/ably/specification/pull/472/changes/c5627f843728c5f182b913e8f8b57ab7ce5a4a36
